README.md, before:

# STOICAL
A Toolbox for Efficient Parameter and Structure Variation of Simulation Models in Simulink

Copyright (C) 2015 Tilman Wippenbeck, Institute for High Voltage Technology, RWTH Aachen University

## Toolbox description
For details please see [wiki](https://git.rwth-aachen.de/IFHT/STOICAL/wikis/home)

## License
STOICAL is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
at your option any later version.

STOICAL is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

While not required by the terms of the license, we do request that publications derived from the use of STOICAL explicitly acknowledge that fact by citing [1]. 

## Publications

[1] T. Wippenbeck, R. Bertram, A. Schnettler, 
"A toolbox for efficient parameter and structure variation of time domain power system simulation models in Simulink,"
in PowerTech, 2015 IEEE Eindhoven, pp.1-6, June 29-July 2 2015, 
Access via 
[IEEE](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/PTC.2015.7232829) or 
[RWTH Aachen University Publications](http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:de:hbz:82-rwth-2015-045648),
Poster via [RWTH Aachen University Publications](http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:de:hbz:82-rwth-2016-092214)

## Contact
stoical@ifht.rwth-aachen.de

Be aware that we can not give any support.

Commit message:

Update README.md added Financial Support

README.md, after:

# STOICAL
A Toolbox for Efficient Parameter and Structure Variation of Simulation Models in Simulink

Copyright (C) 2015 Tilman Wippenbeck, Institute for High Voltage Technology, RWTH Aachen University

## Toolbox description
For details please see [wiki](https://git.rwth-aachen.de/IFHT/STOICAL/wikis/home)

## License
STOICAL is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
at your option any later version.

STOICAL is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

While not required by the terms of the license, we do request that publications derived from the use of STOICAL explicitly acknowledge that fact by citing [1]. 

## Publications

[1] T. Wippenbeck, R. Bertram, A. Schnettler, 
"A toolbox for efficient parameter and structure variation of time domain power system simulation models in Simulink,"
in PowerTech, 2015 IEEE Eindhoven, pp.1-6, June 29-July 2 2015, 
Access via 
[IEEE](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/PTC.2015.7232829) or 
[RWTH Aachen University Publications](http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:de:hbz:82-rwth-2015-045648),
Poster via [RWTH Aachen University Publications](http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:de:hbz:82-rwth-2016-092214)

## Financial Support
This work has partially been sponsored by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy under grant 03ET7506A

## Contact
stoical@ifht.rwth-aachen.de

Be aware that we can not give any support.
